[RLlib] Small docs fixes for evaluation + training. (#25957)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-training.rst

    }

An evaluation step runs - using its own RolloutWorkers - for ``evaluation_duration`` episodes or timesteps, depending
on the ``evaluation_duration_unit`` setting, which can be either "episodes" (default) or "timesteps".

.. code-block:: python

    # Every time we run an evaluation step, run it for exactly 10 episodes.
    {
        "evaluation_duration": 10,
        "evaluation_duration_unit": "episodes",
    }
    # Every time we run an evaluation step, run it for (close to) 200 timesteps.
    {
        "evaluation_duration": 200,
        "evaluation_duration_unit": "timesteps",
    }

> Note: When using ``evaluation_duration_unit=timesteps`` and your ``evaluation_duration`` setting is NOT dividable

Reviewer: upon a quick google search, it looks like dividable is actually a word, my bad you don't have to commit this.

> Note: When using ``evaluation_duration_unit=timesteps`` and your ``evaluation_duration`` setting is NOT dividable

Author: Yeah, honestly, I wasn't sure either, but "dividable" did sound ok'ish :D

by the number of evaluation workers (configurable via ``evaluation_num_workers``), RLlib will run a slightly different number of

> timesteps during each evaluation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Before each evaluation step, weights from the main model are synchronized to all evaluation workers.

> By default, the evaluation step is run right after the respective training step. For example, for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the evaluation step is run right after the each training step. For example, for
```

``evaluation_interval=2``, the sequence of events is: ``train, train, eval, train, train, eval, ...``.
For ``evaluation_interval=1``, the sequence is: ``train, eval, train, eval, ...``.

However, it is possible to run evaluation in parallel to training via the ``evaluation_parallel_to_training=True``
config setting. In this case, both training- and evaluation steps are run at the same time via threading.
This can speed up the evaluation process significantly, but leads to a 1-iteration delay between reported

> training- and evaluation results. The evaluation results are behind b/c they use slightly outdated

Reviewer: in the case of parallel eval, are the eval metrics still reported at the timestep which they were originally launched from?

Author: Nope, we can't report retrospectively. Eval results are reported together with the train step (even if evaluation workers operate on policies that are 1 train step behind, weights-wise).

    policy, even if this is a stochastic one. Setting "explore=False" above
    will result in the evaluation workers not using this stochastic policy.

The level of parallelism within the evaluation step is determined via the ``evaluation_num_workers``
setting. Set this to larger values if you want the desired evaluation episodes or timesteps to
run as much in parallel as possible. For example, if your ``evaluation_duration=10``,
``evaluation_duration_unit=episodes``, and ``evaluation_num_workers=10``, each eval RolloutWorker
only has to run 1 episode in each evaluation step.

In case you would like to entirely customize the evaluation step, set ``custom_eval_function`` in your
config to a callable taking the Algorithm object and a WorkerSet object (the Algorithm's ``self.evaluation_workers`` WorkerSet instance)
and returning a metrics dict. See `algorithm.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/algorithms/algorithm.py>`__
for further documentation.

There is also an end-to-end example of how to set up a custom online evaluation in `custom_eval.py <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/rllib/examples/custom_eval.py>`__.

> Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: N``, where ``N`` is the number of training

Reviewer: So are you supposed to just pass the string "N" and this will activate the mode?

> Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: N``, where ``N`` is the number of training

Reviewer: or is the user supposed to specify an N?

> Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: N``, where ``N`` is the number of training

Author: It is per iterations. I will clarify this better in the text ...

> Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: N``, where ``N`` is the number of training

Author: an `N` as in some integer value.

> Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: N``, where ``N`` is the number of training

Author: ```suggestion
Note that if you only want to evaluate your policy at the end of training, you can set ``evaluation_interval: [int]``, where ``[int]`` should be the number of training
```
